README.md, before:

# react-carousel
Image carousel made with React and TypeScript using ES6 syntax (and Class Fields and Static Properties from ES7).<br>
Unit tests made with Jest, Enzyme and Sinon.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) and [TypeScript package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts-ts).


## Running the project

- go to project directory (in cmd or Powershell on Windows, Bash on Linux and macOS)
- run `npm i` (do it once, just the first time)
- run `npm start` (it runs the app in the development mode and it should automatically open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in the browser)


## Testing the project

In the project directory run `npm test`. It launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
Run `npm test -- --coverage` to see coverage report. Note that tests run much slower with coverage so it is recommended to run it separately from your normal workflow.


## Production build

To run a production build use command `npm run build`. It builds the app for production to the `build` folder.


## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU v3.0] License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Added react-icons instead of fontawesome and updated readme

README.md, after:

# react-carousel
Image carousel made with React and TypeScript using ES6 syntax (and Class Fields and Static Properties from ES7).<br>
Unit tests made with Jest, Enzyme and Sinon.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) and [TypeScript package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-scripts-ts).

The project uses [react-icons](https://github.com/react-icons/react-icons).


## Running the project

- go to project directory
- run `npm i` to install all dependencies (just a first time)
- run `npm start` (it runs the app in the development mode and it should automatically open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in the browser)


## Testing the project

In the project directory run `npm test`. It launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
Run `npm test -- --coverage` to see coverage report. Note that tests run much slower with coverage so it is recommended to run it separately from your normal workflow.


## Production build

To run a production build use command `npm run build`. It builds the app for production to the `build` folder.


## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU v3.0] License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details.
